Don't you see the water of the Yellow River coming from the sky
Hey cow bird
How dare you!
Knowing that I am a doom, I am both immortal and evil
I actually found a cultivator to pretend to be a ghost
Humph ridiculous
Do you think this Ma Liang has the slightest modification fluctuation?
You can't, don't think others can't either
Stop arguing
Look carefully
What is this painting?
I don't understand shit
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
That's not doodling.
The name of this painting is Rakshasa Kingdom
Hey, what is this?
Hey, nurse, save me, nurse, save me, hahaha.
Ants, ants, so many ants, so many ants.
Don't be afraid, general
What are the ants afraid of?